community/index.md, before:

---
layout: doc
title: Community
---

## Discuss

Join the [Slick / ScalaQuery group](http://groups.google.com/group/scalaquery)
at Google Groups to discuss Slick or get help with its use. There are also tags for
[Slick](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/slick) and
[ScalaQuery](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/scalaquery) on StackOverflow.

## Report Bugs

Please use the [issue tracker](http://github.com/slick/slick/issues) at GitHub
to report bugs and issues.

## Project Plan

You can find our [project plan](https://www.assembla.com/spaces/typesafe-slick/milestones)
and work items at Assembla.

## Get Involved

Even better than bug reports and feature requests are patches and pull
requests, so clone the Slick git repository from
<http://github.com/slick/slick> and get started. Slick is easy to build and
test, requiring only Java 6, git and
[sbt](http://code.google.com/p/simple-build-tool/) 0.12.

You will also have to sign the
[Typesafe Contributor License Agreement](https://www.typesafe.com/contribute/cla)
(takes two minutes on-line) before we can accept your contributions.

## Twitter Activity <a href="http://twitter.com" style="padding-left: 0.5em"><img src="/resources/images/Twitter_logo_blue.png" style="width: 1.1em; height: 1.1em; padding: 0; margin: 0; vertical-align: text-bottom"/></a>
<a class="twitter-timeline" data-chrome="nofooter transparent noheader" width="698" height="600" href="https://twitter.com/search?q=%23ScalaQuery+OR+%23scala-query+OR+ScalaQuery+OR+%28scala+AND+slick%29"  data-widget-id="421603285133295617">Tweets about "#ScalaQuery OR #scala-query OR ScalaQuery OR (scala AND slick)"</a>
<script src="/resources/javascript/twitter.js"> </script>

Commit message:

Update the "Community" page:
- Remove link to old Assembla project (we're using github exclusively)

- Change the "Get Involved" section to point to Activator first. We
  want to encourage people to create Activator Templates instead of
  submitting PRs for slick-examples.

community/index.md, after:

---
layout: doc
title: Community
---

## Discuss

Join the [Slick / ScalaQuery group](http://groups.google.com/group/scalaquery)
at Google Groups to discuss Slick or get help with its use. There are also tags for
[Slick](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/slick) and
[ScalaQuery](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/scalaquery) on StackOverflow.

## Report Bugs

Please use the [issue tracker](http://github.com/slick/slick/issues) at GitHub
to report bugs and issues.

## Get Involved

Do you have an interesting use case or code sample that could help others?
You can share it easily by contributing a
[Typesafe Activator Template](http://typesafe.com/activator/template/contribute)

## Hack on Slick

Working on the Slick codebase is easy. Simply clone the Slick git repository from
<http://github.com/slick/slick> and get started. All you need is Java 6, git and
[sbt](http://www.scala-sbt.org/) 0.13. The Slick source code has all embedded
databases preconfigured for unit tests, so you can run a comprehensive test suite
without any further setup.

We always welcome 3rd-pary pull requests for Slick. Note that you will have to sign the
[Typesafe Contributor License Agreement](https://www.typesafe.com/contribute/cla)
(takes two minutes on-line) before we can accept your contributions.

## Twitter Activity <a href="http://twitter.com" style="padding-left: 0.5em"><img src="/resources/images/Twitter_logo_blue.png" style="width: 1.1em; height: 1.1em; padding: 0; margin: 0; vertical-align: text-bottom"/></a>
<a class="twitter-timeline" data-chrome="nofooter transparent noheader" width="698" height="600" href="https://twitter.com/search?q=%23ScalaQuery+OR+%23scala-query+OR+ScalaQuery+OR+%28scala+AND+slick%29"  data-widget-id="421603285133295617">Tweets about "#ScalaQuery OR #scala-query OR ScalaQuery OR (scala AND slick)"</a>
<script src="/resources/javascript/twitter.js"> </script>
